the first question though comes from one
that just came in based on the comments
that you were actually saying this is a
question that comes from William Lewis
he said please did I understand
correctly mr. Buffett to say that
Berkshire Hathaway sold its interests in
four different Airlines and if so can
you name them the names of those
airlines be identified yes I would
normally talk about it but I think it
requires an explanation and and it
requires an explanation that means we
were not disappointed at all in the
businesses they were being run and the
management and but we did come to a
different opinion on it than the the
four Lord
they're the four largest US airlines
it's American Airlines and Delta
Airlines and Southwest Airlines and
United Continental and I think
collectively they they probably at least
80% of the revenue passenger miles and
the in the was flown in the United
States and and they have significant
international flying to ISM excluding
Southwest so we like those Airlines we
like but we didn't we don't that I like
so the world has changed for the
airlines and I don't know how it's
changed and I hope it corrects itself in
a reasonably prompt way I don't know
whether the Americans will have now
changed their habits or will change
their habits because of of an extended
period if it happens that we're semi
shut down and in the economy I don't
know whether the trends toward you know
what people have been doing by by
following I mean I've been it's been
seven weeks since I've had a haircut at
7 then seven weeks since I more than
seven weeks since I put on a tie or
anything I've been just a question of
which with sweatsuit I wear so who knows
who knows how we come out of this but I
think that there's certain industries
and unfortunately I think that the
airline industry
others that are really hurt by a a
forced an effect shutdown by events that
are far beyond her control
Greg would you like to end really
nothing I had one okay we got another
charlie yeah I didn't I didn't intend to
use that as a line but you know you've
covered it well yeah we would have
bought other airlines - incidental but
those were the four big ones and that
those ones we could put some money into
and we put we put whatever it was seven
or eight billion into it and we did not
take out anything like some right oh
yeah then that was my mistake but it was
it's always a problem if there are
things on the lower levels of
probabilities that happen sometimes and
and it happened to their lines and and
I'm the one who made the decision but
Warren just to clarify on his question
he asked did you sell your whole stage
and all the answers yes yeah when we
when we sell something when we sell
something very often it's going to be
our entire stake I mean we didn't we
don't trim positions or like that's just
not the way we approach it any more than
if we buy a hundred percent of a
business we're gonna sell it down to 90
percent or 80 percent I mean if we we
like a business we're going to buy as
much of it as we can and keep it as long
as we can but won't we change our mind
I'm sorry no go ahead when you change
your mind well I want when we change our
mind we don't we don't take half
measures or anything of the sort so I
was amazed at how he frankly now we
thought we were selling a bit far lower
prices than we paid but I was amazed at
the the volume their Airlines always
trade in in large volume relatively but
but we we we have sold the entire
positions hey investors Zack Guzman here
are you interested in learning more
about the markets and getting the latest
financial news well then click right
here to subscribe to our Yahoo Finance
youtube channel get the latest
up-to-the-minute market analysis big
interviews in the world
in information on how to manage your
money everyday wherever you are